local-zone: "fe" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "ff" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "s.sh" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "m2.ai" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "ip.ro" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "is.sh" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "rs.sh" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "51.la" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "cw.nu" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "6m.pl" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "ad.mg" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "ad.gt" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "7x.cc" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "34.gs" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "cle.kr" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "0pn.ru" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "ntv.io" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "naj.sk" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "mlm.de" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "m6r.eu" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "m4n.nl" always_nxdomain
